this just in the gardener strikes again
the serial killer police have dubbed the
gardener has claimed yet another victim
he's called the gardener because all of
his victims are found fully shaved and
buried in their gardens the latest
victim was found in the Beverly Hills
area and authorities there say Caucasian
women in their mid-20s should remain
vigilant and stay inside their homes
after dark I know I I am so lucky and
I'm so excited a little bit nervous I
have to admit I am a little bit nervous
but you know you should be nervous as if
you don't even have to worry you'll find
someone but this is my year oh yeah
because last year wasn't your year and
the year before that was not your year
and then you look for that home I got
that was my gift it was really funny for
me but it was not your year you there
they all just like they were gonna be my
ears let's be honest
in the beginning they all look like my
ear but as it turns out really I think
he's the one not too smart which I don't
need I'll meet you complicated well
that's what you said last month about
the Greek guy from the gas station is
that me if the woman I know but I can't
date a stunt driver anymore I just I
can't do it
what you needed to get like a mannequin
it's real simple if you want to be
simple just get a mannequin put a penis
on them put them in the corner and have
my way think about when you need him a
lot of guys they they they're like manic
anything I still pressing charges yes
okay I'm trying to prove that uh
that you cuz he was not mine
I'll be back in one second oh hi do guy
you don't want you in a haircut no I'm
doing x-ray Oh what are you doing that
is all they say in love with me the only
thing I can think of you know where
she's at the attractive one oh joy
breathe through my nose or my mouth nose
okay okay
where is she you know it's kind of a
crowd in the back there you know but
well I see something I like though I
told you he was tough
that's not new news go ahead okay
rhetorical question
hey baby Hey hi
yeah oh my gosh you're not great yeah
today we're gonna send you home with the
GHD styler some people call it the magic
wand it's awesome because it can curl
answer it really it's a bad hang out
there and then you're gonna outdoor
wedding come on yeah put this on it's
good GHD it's a thermal protectant
everybody's gonna drop what they do and
go to the back right now right now I
don't care drop everything and go to the
back right now
Beverly here